## Pull Request (PR) Checklist
Please check if your pull request fulfills the following requirements:
- [ ] The PR is submitted to the `main` branch.
- [ ] I've read the **[Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/Ivy-Apps/ivy-wallet/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)**.
- [ ] The code builds and is tested on a real Android device.
- [ ] I confirm that I've run the code locally and everything works as expected.

_Put an `x` in the boxes that apply._
- [x] Demo: Checking checkbox using `[x]`

> Upload a screen recording + screenshots to prove that your changes work.

## Pull Request Type
Please check the type of the changes that your PR introduce:

- [ ] Bugfix
- [ ] Feature
- [ ] Code style update (formatting, new lines, etc.)
- [ ] Refactoring (no functional changes, renaming)
- [ ] Small improvement (fix typo, UI fine-tune or something small)
- [ ] Gradle Build related changes
- [ ] Dependencies update (updating libraries)
- [ ] Documentation (clarifying comments, KDoc)
- [ ] Tests (Unit, Integration, UI tests)
- [ ] Other (please describe):

Put an `x` in all the boxes that apply.


## What's changed?
Describe with a few bullets **what's new:**
- a
- b
- c
- d

_💡 Tip: Attach screenshots and screen recordings. It helps a lot!_

## Does this PR closes any GitHub Issues?

Check **[Ivy Wallet Issues](https://github.com/Ivy-Apps/ivy-wallet/issues)**.
- Closes #{ISSUE_NUMBER}

_Replace `{ISSUE_NUMBER}` with the id/number of the issue that you've fixed._

## Final Steps

Test your build again with the **app-demo.apk** generated by the `APK workflow`. This is an important step because it applies code obfuscation and R8 that often produces runtime exceptions which make the app crash.

> We don't have QA, you are the QA! That's why we require so much testing.

If everything still works fines, comment and tag **@ILIYANGERMANOV**. He'll try to merge your PR whenever possible.

**Thank you for your contribution! 🎉**