screen/accounts/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.accounts_AccountsTabPaparazziTest_snapshot accountTab composable[Dark].png
screen/accounts/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.accounts_AccountsTabPaparazziTest_snapshot accountTab composable[Light].png
screen/attributions/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.attributions_AttributionsScreenPaparazziTest_snapshot Attribution Screen[Dark].png
screen/attributions/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.attributions_AttributionsScreenPaparazziTest_snapshot Attribution Screen[Light].png
screen/balance/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.balance_BalanceScreenPaparazziTest_snapshot Balance Screen[Dark].png
screen/balance/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.balance_BalanceScreenPaparazziTest_snapshot Balance Screen[Light].png
screen/categories/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.categories_CategoriesScreenPaparazziTest_snapshot Categories Screen[Dark].png
screen/categories/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.categories_CategoriesScreenPaparazziTest_snapshot Categories Screen[Light].png
screen/contributors/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.contributors_ContributorsScreenPaparazziTest_snapshot Contributor Screen[Dark].png
screen/contributors/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.contributors_ContributorsScreenPaparazziTest_snapshot Contributor Screen[Light].png
screen/disclaimer/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.disclaimer_DisclaimerScreenPaparazziTest_all checked[Dark].png
screen/disclaimer/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.disclaimer_DisclaimerScreenPaparazziTest_all checked[Light].png
screen/disclaimer/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.disclaimer_DisclaimerScreenPaparazziTest_none checked[Dark].png
screen/disclaimer/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.disclaimer_DisclaimerScreenPaparazziTest_none checked[Light].png
screen/exchange-rates/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.exchangerates_ExchangeRatesScreenPaparazziTest_snapshot Exchange Rates Screen[Dark].png
screen/exchange-rates/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.exchangerates_ExchangeRatesScreenPaparazziTest_snapshot Exchange Rates Screen[Light].png
screen/home/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.home_HomePaparazziTest_snapshot Home Screen[Dark].png
screen/home/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.home_HomePaparazziTest_snapshot Home Screen[Light].png
screen/reports/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.report_ReportPaparazziTest_snapshot Report Screen no filter[Dark].png
screen/reports/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.report_ReportPaparazziTest_snapshot Report Screen no filter[Light].png
screen/reports/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.report_ReportPaparazziTest_snapshot Report Screen[Dark].png
screen/reports/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.report_ReportPaparazziTest_snapshot Report Screen[Light].png
screen/search/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.search_SearchPaparazziTest_snapshot Search Screen[Dark].png
screen/search/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.search_SearchPaparazziTest_snapshot Search Screen[Light].png
screen/transactions/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.transactions_TransactionsPaparazziTest_snapshot Transactions Screen[Dark].png
screen/transactions/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.transactions_TransactionsPaparazziTest_snapshot Transactions Screen[Light].png
shared/ui/core/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.ui.component_OpenSourceCardPaparazziTest_default state[Dark].png
shared/ui/core/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.ui.component_OpenSourceCardPaparazziTest_default state[Light].png
shared/ui/testing/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.ui.testing_DemoPaparazziTest_snapshot demo composable[Dark].png
shared/ui/testing/src/test/snapshots/images/com.ivy.ui.testing_DemoPaparazziTest_snapshot demo composable[Light].png
